- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we're going to create a client for our EJB.
The client of the EJB
is going to access the list of items
and add items to the list
through the methods defined on the catalog local interface.
Now, because this EJB is storing state
and we would like that state to be consistent
across all clients of our application,
we're going to go ahead and turn this into a Singleton bean.
From there, we can then navigate over
to our CatalogItemFormBean.
So this bean is the backing bean
for the form and the list
within our JSF application.
Now, within this bean,
we can inject the EJB.
So we'll declare a new field of type CatalogLocal
and we'll call it catalogBean
and then we just add that EJB annotation
and the EJB will be injected into this bean
and we can leverage it.
Now, you'll notice that right now,
we're leveraging our items list
and we no longer want to use that list
for the purposes of storing the different items.
So what we're going to do
is we're going to use our EJB
in place of the list.
So here we can call the catalogBean's getItems method
and then we can get the size of the list of items,
add one in order to get our itemId
so that increment can be achieved with our catalogBean
and then we're going to use the catalogBean's addItem method
in order to add a new CatalogItem
and then here where we stream through all of the items
in the list, we can modify that
to leverage our catalogBean
as well as the getItems method on its interface.
Okay, so that modifies all of our existing logic.
Now, we're still going to bind to this list of items
instead of binding to our EJB within our Facelets.
So let's set up a method
that is going to be invoked
when we initialize our page.
And all that method is simply going to do
is assign the items list
to the list that we get from our EJB.
So there we can see that assignment
and in order for that to work,
we're going to have to modify our JSF page.
So what we can do is add the metadata tag
to the JSF and then there is a tag we can use,
it's viewAction and the viewAction tag is nice
because it allows us to insert a method
to be invoked during the lifecycle of JSF.
So here we can bind to our init method
that is on the catalogItemFormBean.
So we'll just go ahead,
bind to that method
and it will be called every time
that this view is displayed.
So we will reach out to the EJB,
grab all of the items
that it contains and then assign them to the list
that will be displayed.
Okay, so let's check our server
and I'm just going to go ahead and remove our project.
And then I'll stop the server
so that we can run our project.
And here instead of right clicking our JSF
or our EJB project,
we right click on the hsports catalog.
So that's our ear
and then we can go to Run As, Run on Server.
That's going to start our server.
Okay, we see it start up
and then what we'll do is open up a browser.
Once again, we can access our form.
There you see the form.
Let's add a new product.
We'll say boots.
Manufactured by SuperBoots.
And they're going to be available October 11th
and we'll just say these are great boots.
And then we can submit and there you see
that our list was populated and all that's happening
through the EJB that we created
and that EJB can be leveraged within our backing beans
in a JSF application
as well as other Java EE technologies
can leverage the EJBs that we build out.